Quad Code has completely changed the way
I run my business and have grown my
personal brand. A few months ago, I made
the decision to go allin on building my
brand on LinkedIn, knowing that the
professional connections I would make
would likely lead to a lot of leads for
my business. This turned out to be true,
and in just a couple of months, I went
from 1500 followers to over 10,000
followers. Once I started incorporating
AI into my workflow, my impressions went
like this, and my followers did the
same. In this video, I'm going to show
you the three Cloud Code skills I have
used to skyrocket my growth. The first
gets trending topic in your niche. The
second drafts high quality lead magnets
targeted to your specific audience. And
the third writes LinkedIn posts in your
tone of voice. This post right here has
1,800 impressions. I got 92 comments. So
these are new leads for the business.
This lead magnet post here has 3,500
impressions and 168 comments. And this
one performed super well. Over 20,000
impressions and over a,000 comments. So
now my inbox looks like this. I've
generated over 6,000 leads for the
business. I'm going to show you what the
skills are, how they work, the outputs
they create, and how you can create your
own. So, focus in, close all your open
tabs, and let's build. Today, I'm going
to be showing you everything inside of
Google Anti-gravity, even though you
could just do this in Cloud Code in the
terminal. But what's nice about this is
that we have access to all of our files
over here in the explorer. And if I want
to go ahead and open up a skill, I can
just open this up. So, you can go ahead
and read it. Makes our lives a lot
easier. If you don't have anti-gravity
already, just come over to
anti-gravity.google. go ahead and
download this and then sign in with your
Google name and password. There's
basically a three-stage approach that I
take to creating high-quality content on
LinkedIn and a strategy that is just
outperforming everything else. I've
talked with thousands of experts who
understand the importance of growing a
personal brand and driving organic
traffic to their offer. And a lot of
them want to start with LinkedIn because
it doesn't require them to dance on
TikTok or pick up a camera or show their
face and feels like an easy platform to
get access to a professional group of
people. The first stage of the pipeline
is research. You need to have something
to talk about that your audience is
going to care about. This is the last 30
days skill. And what this does is it
basically researches the last 30 days of
trending topic across Reddit, X, Blue
Sky, YouTube, Tik Tok, Instagram, Happy
News, Poly Market, and the web. And it
finds what the community is actually
upvoting and talking about. So, what's
great about this is you basically have
your entire audience telling you exactly
what they want to hear from you. So,
this really resonated with me because
one of the first AI automations I ever
built was an automation for LinkedIn. It
would take trending news sources. It
would write a LinkedIn post all in my
tone of voice and then it would publish
it to LinkedIn. This became one of my
first YouTube videos and this actually
became one of the first client projects
that I ever sold. I sold it for 600
bucks and the rest is history. But now
this skill basically incorporates all of
that and more in a single place. And so
if you want to get access to this skill,
it's free and it's super easy to
install. You literally just copy this
code right here and you would come into
the terminal or in our case, we'll just
do this in anti-gravity. You can go into
new terminal and you can just paste in
that code and hit enter and everything's
going to install for you. I already have
this installed so I don't need to do
this today. But let me show you how it
works. So I'm going to open up a new
terminal. I'm going to type in cloud to
get into cloud code. So all we have to
do here is type in last and go into last
30 days and it's going to research a
topic from the last 30 days. I'm just
going to research a topic like AI in
business. So while this is cooking, we
can go ahead and we can actually open up
these skill files here. And skills you
can basically think of of just kind of
like a system prompt and a repeatable
set of processes. Often times they will
come with a couple of files or folders
which is pretty cool. And so the reason
why a skill is a little bit better than
a system prompt is because a skill can
actually take action. It can read
through a whole bunch of different files
to figure out what other actions it can
take. It can execute code and take
actions on your behalf. So this skill
file basically is just a set of
instructions to the system to look
through all of these other files. And
the research.mmd file is basically the
most important one for you to know. This
is research any topic across Reddit X,
YouTube, and the web. Surface what
people are actually discussing,
recommending, and debating right now. So
here it says before doing anything,
parse the user's input, which basically
just means understand the user's input.
In my case, it was AI and business for
the topic what they want to learn about
the target tool if specified. Like if I
had said like, oh, like I'm going to be
using this in Nano Banana Pro or
something like that. And then it just
goes down here and tells the system how
to execute, how to search the web
specifically, how to like synthesize and
collect all of the information in a
single higher place. Right here it says
wait Reddit or Xire because this is
actually where most of the conversations
are happening. And if you're going to be
creating content, you don't want to just
be creating content on the news. You
want to be creating content on what
people are really discussing. So if we
come in here, we can see this took a
couple of minutes cuz obviously it's
pretty thorough. But here's what it
learned that the solarpreneur AI
business model is exploding. YouTube
content about building lean AI
businesses is racking up massive views
right now. Start boring is the
counterintuitive entrepreneur consensus.
This is the most upvoted advice in our
entrepreneur. Your first AI agent for
your business should be boring. There's
a lot of backlash on AI slop and AI
agents are going mainstream super fast.
So, if you're interested in this, now is
definitely the time to start learning.
And the system is cool because it
basically says, here are some things I
can help with. Why is the boring first
AI agent advice resonating? So this is
going to bring me to stage two of the
process is actually creating a lead
magnet. So why do I say a lead magnet? A
lot of people might not like them, but
there are a couple of reasons for them.
One is they are really, really
effective. They do two things for you.
They let you establish yourself as an
expert and they also provide something
of value to your audience. This is the
fastest way to grow your following on
LinkedIn right now. I guarantee it. Like
this post right here has 1,800
impressions. I got 92 comments. So,
these are new leads for the business.
This lead magnet post here has 3,500
impressions and 168 comments. And this
one performs super well. Over 20,000
impressions and over a,000 comments. So,
you can see why these are super
valuable. Before I show you the skill, I
just want to talk about lead mags in
general because I know a lot of people
hate them. Here is the way LinkedIn
works. When you are small and you are
just growing, you have a small audience
of people who is likely your friends,
family, and colleagues. These people
generally don't care about your
business. So, you're kind of like
posting your expert advice and your
opinion and your thoughts on the
industry. And these people who are your
current followers, they don't really
care. You don't really have any good way
of reaching the other group of people,
the people who do care about your
business. That's where the lead magnet
comes in. It is hyperargeted and focused
and it requires them to engage with you
in order to receive the thing that they
want, thus growing your audience and
your following and making your first
connections. Ideally, over time, some of
these people who are gathering your lead
magnets for you will become interested
in you as a person and move down the
line and down the funnel and funnel
their way into your offer. So, from
here, we can just go ahead and we can
call the next skill, which is the lead
magnet skill to dive into it. So, I'm
just going to type in slash, go to lead
magnet, and what I want to do is I want
to basically build this solarpreneur AI
business playbook, the specific models
people are actually building. So, I'm
just going to talk to the system. The
solarpreneur AI business playbook is
really compelling to me. The specific
models people are actually building. I
want you to do some further research on
this and then create a relevant lead
magnet for a highle audience. So, let me
show you some of the lead magnets this
system has created. I've already created
a bunch of them. Like this one just went
out. 10 Claude Code Skills worth
installing right now. So, I can open
this up and we can see why these are
really effective. They have a high
converting title. the CTA to my agency
or to my school community. I can embed
videos or links to my YouTube videos to
start getting traction on YouTube. And
then I can go ahead and basically just
have the system create these full
breakdowns of really valuable
information for my audience. So here are
the 10 quad code skills and you can just
go ahead and copy these and install any
of them. Or this one here has 197 viral
hooks for short form content. I've
played around with a couple of different
ways to distribute these. One is when
somebody comments the word on your post,
you just send them the thing directly
and hope that they trickle down the rest
of your funnel to your offer. The other
way to do this is to gate the lead
magnet behind a landing page. So, I've
also tried sending people to a landing
page like this for my JSON prompting
playbook. So, now when they comment on
my LinkedIn post, I send them a DM that
says, "Hey, you can grab it here." And
then they go to this landing page. And
in order to actually get the lead magnet
thereafter, they have to put in their
email. There are pros and cons to this.
This does add significant friction to
the process. So some people will drop
off at this point and they won't want to
give you your email. But email still
remains one of the best ways to nurture
your audience and your leads. So the
people who do put in their email are
actually the highest intent buyers
anyway and you want to nurture those
relationships. So it's a quality over
quantity debate. So while this is
cooking up our lead magnet, we can go
ahead and take a look at the lead magnet
skill. This is going to create and
publish a notion native lead magnet with
associated LinkedIn post. So I kind of
baked both parts of the process into
one. This is going to create the lead
magnet and three possible posts for me
to post on LinkedIn. And so here's
essentially how the system works. It's
going to again parse the user input for
the topic in the format. It's going to
fetch a YouTube transcript. If I give it
a YouTube URL and say, "Hey, create a
lead magnet from one of my YouTube
videos. It's going to research the
topic. It's going to write the lead
magnet as a notion ready JSON file."
It's going to push it to Notion
automatically using the Notion MCP. And
then it's going to draft three LinkedIn
posts and put everything into Notion for
me. So, when you're starting to think
about building out these systems for
yourself, start to think about this
process and this flow. And sometimes
it's really helpful just to write it
down like here's the first thing I want
the system to do and here's the desired
output and then fill in the gaps in
between. Right? So, I say like okay, I
have a news story and I want to get a
LinkedIn post that converts with a lead
magnet. So, what do I need? I need to do
the research. I need to create the lead
magnet. I need to draft the post and I
need to publish it. Those are the
things. How you go about that is up to
you. The more explicit you can be to the
system with your instructions or the way
you want it to approach the task, the
better your results will be. So this
goes ahead and breaks it down even
further. Extract the core topics and
thesis, key frameworks and steps,
specific numbers, etc. Here's the
research, which is mandatory before
writing any lead magnet. Deeply research
the topic. Use the web to do this. And
it's actually going to write a file
specific for Notion. But here are some
hard constraints that I baked into it. I
don't want it to be more than 1500
words. People don't read that much. I
want it to write at a sixth grade
reading level. keep everything as simple
as possible, not a lot of jargon, right?
I want to be story and narrative driven.
So, if you come back into the 10 quad
code skills, this is what I mean by
narrative driven. So, right now, the
cloud code ecosystem has over 60,000
public skills, and the community is
building fast. But here's the problem.
Most of it is garbage. It's thin, it's
generic, etc., etc. So, this isn't a
list of 10 random skills I found on a
website. These are the ones that made it
through my own filter. So, now we're
bringing people, we're telling that
story, we're captivating their
attention. and we're guiding them
through the process and letting them
know if you're facing this problem, this
source right here is the answer you're
after. One of the first things I
recommend everyone do is create their
own tone of voice guidelines with your
ICP, your target audience, any voice
rules for how you talk, like concrete
and direct or compressed, any things
that you should never use or never
mention, any storytelling frameworks
that you like to use, right? And then I
baked it in here with a whole bunch of
proof points. So now we can start
pulling stories from my real life and my
own social proof into my content. Now,
this looks really overwhelming to
create, and if you're doing it manually,
it is. But what's cool is that we now
have these AI systems to do stuff like
this for us. So, inside my community,
one of the first things I have people do
is build their own brand genius or their
AI business partner. And in order to do
that, you can clone yourself. You can
create this data packet of information
with your business, your projects, your
goals, your communication style, and you
can use that to form these tone of voice
guidelines. So all you would do is you
would come over to this and if you've
been talking to chatbt or claude, it
keeps a memory of you. So you can just
go ahead and copy this prompt. You can
come over to Claude or if you just want
to do this yourself, you could come into
Claude and you can just say based on
everything you know about me, create a
200word tone of voice guidelines. And so
since Claude already keeps a memory of
you, it's just going to go through your
conversations. It's going to understand
the way that you talk and the way that
you like to communicate. And it's going
to create that markdown file that I just
showed you. So we can see here it's
starting to build it out with my core
voice and proof over adjectives and the
structures that I like to use and things
like that. So then you can use that drop
it in your folder or copy and paste it
into claude and say hey here are my tone
of voice guidelines. Save these for
later. These systems are really really
smart and they can take a lot of action
for you. Just tell it what you want. So
this did take a couple of minutes
because it's pretty thorough. But in the
meantime while the system is doing that
I can work on other parts of my
business. But we can see here that I now
have this oneperson AI business
playbook. So, I can open this up and I
can see that the here are four business
models generating 10 to 100K a month
with no employees. Super super cool. It
already bakes in my CTA. So, if I'm
trying to drive traffic and convert
people, they know exactly where they
need to go. But here's the gap that most
people miss. Most people are using AI
like a faster typewriter. They prompt,
they copy paste, they save 20 minutes on
a task, then they go back to working the
same way they always have, just slightly
faster. I didn't write any of this. So,
here are the four models that can
actually work in 2026 to make money with
AI, the AI automation agency. Here's
what you do. You identify a painful
manual process that a business repeats.
Then, you charge for setup and ongoing
maintenance. It even gives you a revenue
structure. So, most solo operators with
three to five active clients are doing 8
to $15,000 a month. Not a bad way to
make a living. If you want to get the
rest of this playbook, I'll leave a link
in the description. And what's even
cooler is if I come back up to the top
here, I can twirl down these properties
and I have three variations of possible
LinkedIn posts for me. A contrarian
post, a pain first post, and a
resultsled post. So we can just open up
any one of these and we can see a $10
million AI business with zero employees
isn't a prediction anymore. It's a
playbook. So that's the contrarian take.
And variation C, resultsled. I happen to
like results the best. That's been
working for me the most. one content
studio owner in the SAS niche. They work
25 hours a week and they make $420,000 a
year. So, you can go ahead and you can
adjust the tone of voice, you can adjust
the formats, you can adjust the
prompting to fit what you want for your
audience. So, you would just copy and
paste this over to LinkedIn. You can
attach a screenshot of the playbook
itself. I've just been making these
little gifts where I take a screen
recording and I just scroll through the
page like this and add some text over
top in Photoshop. That way, we get a
little motion on the page and then you
publish it to LinkedIn. Super easy. This
piece of the puzzle really took care of
the lead magnet generation and the
LinkedIn postw writing. But I do have a
separate skill just for writing if we
want to use it. So I'm going to close
out of these terminal windows and I'll
just open up a new terminal and I'll go
back into Claude and I can just type in
slash LinkedIn post cuz maybe I don't
want a lead magnet. Maybe I just want to
post because having a balance of lead
magnets and authority building or expert
positioning post will really serve you
the best in the long term. You don't
just want to be hammering people with
giveaways. You actually want to
establish yourself as an authority.
What's really great about this is this
just plugs into your daily life. Like if
you just had a thought or you had a
great conversation with someone and you
wanted to draft a post about it, this is
a really good way to do it. I want to
write a LinkedIn post about how
everybody has a personal brand and their
story is their asset. A lot of people
are scared to lean into their backstory
or their personal stories because it
feels like, you know, they're exposing
themselves, but this is one of the most
valuable things that you can possibly
do. So, I'm just going to send off this
idea I had for a LinkedIn post. And now
the system is going to get to work. It's
going to do a little bit of research. is
going to draft the post in my tone of
voice. And so now this is what makes
this skill really powerful. It can go
ahead in here and I have this reference
folder here and it just has a couple of
different examples. This is an example
of a post that I found that I liked. And
you can add to this over time. You can
just go to LinkedIn. You can copy and
paste posts. Basically, you can just say
add to this and say, "Hey, add this post
to my list. Add this post to my list."
And so now the skill is going to get
better over time because it has stronger
references. And so here's the post that
I wrote. Your biggest asset on LinkedIn
is the story you're too scared to tell.
Most people treat their personal brand
like a highlight reel. They post
credentials, wins, and polish takes, and
wonder why nobody engages. If you're
interested in going deeper and you want
to learn how to use industryleading AI
tools to build your personal brand and
drive traffic to your offer, check the
link in the description. If you want to
see my eight tips for using anti-gravity
better than 99% of people out there,
just check out this video right here.
I'll see you over there.